What is your team name? 
	MUD

Who's in the group?
    Elise, Percy, Mico

What's the project?
	A small MUD (multi-user dungeon) style text based rpg that multiple players
    can connect to and play together in real time.

What's the minimum/maximum deliverable?
    Minimum deliverable:
	The smallest version of our project would implement only the core features
    of the game:

        Users should be able to connect to the game server, and log in as their character.

        There should be a map composed of connected rooms that players can walk 
        around in.

        Players should be able to interact with objects by picking them up, 
        looking at them, and dropping them.
        
        Players should be able to speak to other users in the same room as them.

    Maximum deliverable:
        Once the basic features are implemented, we would want to start 
        building more mechanics, and elements on top of it. One important one 
        we would likely want to add first is a basic combat system where 
        players can kill monsters (or objects). We would also create some way
        to generate ascii maps of the world to help players navigate.

        Ideally, we would like to turn this project into a code base that 
        could be used to create a variety of different games. To do this we 
        would need to include some in-game utilities for extending the world:
        commands to create and link new rooms, and define new items. 

What's your first step?
	The first steps will mostly be familiarizing ourselves with existing MUD
    games and the format/user experience they offer. After we’ve become 
    comfortable as the client, we’ll look at existing architectures and 
    designs to better understand essential game functions. 

What's the biggest problem you foresee or question you need to answer to get 
started?

    Question: Evaluate resources available for Erlang vs. Python. 

    Networking: we need to understand telnet protocol and how it works. We also 
    need to decide whether we use it or use a chat server instead.
